Added Metrics plugin (#6916)
mattermost/docs: source/guides/scale-mattermost.rst

    Scale up to 88000 users </scale/scale-to-88000-users>
    High availability cluster </scale/high-availability-cluster>
    Elasticsearch </scale/elasticsearch>

>     Monitor performance using the Metrics plugin </scale/metrics-plugin>
>     Monitor performance using dashboards </scale/performance-monitoring>

Reviewer: Wondering if these two are sounding like alternative to each other. What about naming them like: 
```suggestion
    Collect performance metrics using the Metrics plugin </scale/metrics-plugin>
    Deploy Prometheus and Grafana for performance monitoring </scale/performance-monitoring>
```

    High availability cluster </scale/high-availability-cluster>
    Elasticsearch </scale/elasticsearch>

>     Performance monitoring </scale/performance-monitoring>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Performance monitoring using Dashboards </scale/performance-monitoring>
```

Author: Incorporated into the latest commit.

>     Mattermost Metrics plugin </scale/metrics-plugin>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Peformance monitoring using the plugin </scale/metrics-plugin>
```

 * :doc:`Scale up to 88000 users </scale/scale-to-88000-users>` - Learn how to scale Mattermost to up to 88000 users.
* :doc:`High availability cluster </scale/high-availability-cluster>` - Maintain Mattermost service during outages and hardware failures with redundant infrastructure.
* :doc:`Elasticsearch </scale/elasticsearch>` - Enhance search performance with Elasticsearch.

> * :doc:`Monitor performance using the Mattermost Metrics plugin </scale/metrics-plugin>` - Use the Mattermost Metrics Plugin for cases where Prometheus and Grafana aren't available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Monitor performance using the Mattermost Metrics plugin </scale/metrics-plugin>` - Use the Mattermost Metrics Plugin for cases where Prometheus isn't available.
```
